log/rel-1.4.13--rel-2.2.6.log:ERROR Changed Field In Message ReplicationPeer: bandwidth OLD_AST: optional int64 bandwidth = 6 NEW_AST: optional int64 bandwidth = 7 in ../hbase/hbase-protocol/src/main/protobuf/ZooKeeper.proto
log/rel-1.4.13--rel-2.3.3.log:ERROR Changed Field In Message ReplicationPeer: bandwidth OLD_AST: optional int64 bandwidth = 6 NEW_AST: optional int64 bandwidth = 7 in ../hbase/hbase-protocol/src/main/protobuf/ZooKeeper.proto
log/rel-1.6.0--rel-2.2.6.log:ERROR Changed Field In Message ReplicationPeer: bandwidth OLD_AST: optional int64 bandwidth = 6 NEW_AST: optional int64 bandwidth = 7 in ../hbase/hbase-protocol/src/main/protobuf/ZooKeeper.proto
log/rel-1.6.0--rel-2.3.3.log:ERROR Changed Field In Message SnapshotDescription: ttl OLD_AST: optional int64 ttl = 8 NEW_AST: optional int64 ttl = 7 in ../hbase/hbase-protocol/src/main/protobuf/HBase.proto
log/rel-1.6.0--rel-2.3.3.log:ERROR Changed Field In Message ReplicationPeer: bandwidth OLD_AST: optional int64 bandwidth = 6 NEW_AST: optional int64 bandwidth = 7 in ../hbase/hbase-protocol/src/main/protobuf/ZooKeeper.proto
log/rel-2.2.6--rel-2.3.3.log:ERROR Added Field In Message ReplicationLoadSink: timestampStarted AST: required uint64 timestampStarted = 3 ../hbase/hbase-protocol-shaded/src/main/protobuf/ClusterStatus.proto
log/rel-2.2.6--rel-2.3.3.log:ERROR Added Field In Message ReplicationLoadSink: totalOpsProcessed AST: required uint64 totalOpsProcessed = 4 ../hbase/hbase-protocol-shaded/src/main/protobuf/ClusterStatus.proto
log/rel-1.4.13--rel-2.3.3.log:WARNING Changed Field In Message Condition: family OLD_AST: required bytes family = 2 NEW_AST: optional bytes family = 2 in ../hbase/hbase-protocol/src/main/protobuf/Client.proto
log/rel-1.4.13--rel-2.3.3.log:WARNING Changed Field In Message Condition: qualifier OLD_AST: required bytes qualifier = 3 NEW_AST: optional bytes qualifier = 3 in ../hbase/hbase-protocol/src/main/protobuf/Client.proto
log/rel-1.4.13--rel-2.3.3.log:WARNING Changed Field In Message Condition: compare_type OLD_AST: required CompareType compare_type = 4 NEW_AST: optional CompareType compare_type = 4 in ../hbase/hbase-protocol/src/main/protobuf/Client.proto
log/rel-1.4.13--rel-2.3.3.log:WARNING Changed Field In Message Condition: comparator OLD_AST: required Comparator comparator = 5 NEW_AST: optional Comparator comparator = 5 in ../hbase/hbase-protocol/src/main/protobuf/Client.proto
log/rel-1.6.0--rel-2.3.3.log:WARNING Changed Field In Message Condition: family OLD_AST: required bytes family = 2 NEW_AST: optional bytes family = 2 in ../hbase/hbase-protocol/src/main/protobuf/Client.proto
log/rel-1.6.0--rel-2.3.3.log:WARNING Changed Field In Message Condition: qualifier OLD_AST: required bytes qualifier = 3 NEW_AST: optional bytes qualifier = 3 in ../hbase/hbase-protocol/src/main/protobuf/Client.proto
log/rel-1.6.0--rel-2.3.3.log:WARNING Changed Field In Message Condition: compare_type OLD_AST: required CompareType compare_type = 4 NEW_AST: optional CompareType compare_type = 4 in ../hbase/hbase-protocol/src/main/protobuf/Client.proto
log/rel-1.6.0--rel-2.3.3.log:WARNING Changed Field In Message Condition: comparator OLD_AST: required Comparator comparator = 5 NEW_AST: optional Comparator comparator = 5 in ../hbase/hbase-protocol/src/main/protobuf/Client.proto
log/rel-2.2.6--rel-2.3.3.log:WARNING Changed Field In Message Condition: qualifier OLD_AST: required bytes qualifier = 3 NEW_AST: optional bytes qualifier = 3 in ../hbase/hbase-protocol/src/main/protobuf/Client.proto
log/rel-2.2.6--rel-2.3.3.log:WARNING Changed Field In Message Condition: family OLD_AST: required bytes family = 2 NEW_AST: optional bytes family = 2 in ../hbase/hbase-protocol/src/main/protobuf/Client.proto
log/rel-2.2.6--rel-2.3.3.log:WARNING Changed Field In Message Condition: comparator OLD_AST: required Comparator comparator = 5 NEW_AST: optional Comparator comparator = 5 in ../hbase/hbase-protocol/src/main/protobuf/Client.proto
log/rel-2.2.6--rel-2.3.3.log:WARNING Changed Field In Message Condition: compare_type OLD_AST: required CompareType compare_type = 4 NEW_AST: optional CompareType compare_type = 4 in ../hbase/hbase-protocol/src/main/protobuf/Client.proto
log/rel-2.2.6--rel-2.3.3.log:WARNING Changed Field In Message Condition: qualifier OLD_AST: required bytes qualifier = 3 NEW_AST: optional bytes qualifier = 3 in ../hbase/hbase-protocol-shaded/src/main/protobuf/Client.proto
log/rel-2.2.6--rel-2.3.3.log:WARNING Changed Field In Message Condition: family OLD_AST: required bytes family = 2 NEW_AST: optional bytes family = 2 in ../hbase/hbase-protocol-shaded/src/main/protobuf/Client.proto
log/rel-2.2.6--rel-2.3.3.log:WARNING Changed Field In Message Condition: comparator OLD_AST: required Comparator comparator = 5 NEW_AST: optional Comparator comparator = 5 in ../hbase/hbase-protocol-shaded/src/main/protobuf/Client.proto
log/rel-2.2.6--rel-2.3.3.log:WARNING Changed Field In Message Condition: compare_type OLD_AST: required CompareType compare_type = 4 NEW_AST: optional CompareType compare_type = 4 in ../hbase/hbase-protocol-shaded/src/main/protobuf/Client.proto
